#Past this into a stormfront script then go to room 27553 then one west and start script. It will turn in all your baubles for you.

Start:
put get my bauble
match End Get what?
match Woman sea glass
match Start ...wait
matchwait

Woman:
pause .1
put give woman
match Rory "to Rory
match Eni  "to Eni
match Tosh "to Tosh
matchwait

Tosh:
put glance
match Ttree right hand
matchwait

Rory:
put glance
match Rtree right hand
matchwait

Eni:
put glance
match Etree right hand
matchwait

Ttree:
put nw
pause .1
put put right on skel
put put right on hull
put put right on long
put put right on skel
put put right on hull
put put right on long
pause 1
goto TReturn

TReturn:
put se
pause .1
goto Start

Rtree:
put se
pause .1
put w
pause .1
put put right on skel
put put right on hull
put put right on long
put put right on skel
put put right on hull
put put right on long
pause 1
goto Rreturn

Rreturn:
put nw
pause .1
put ne
pause .1
goto Start

Etree:
put sw
pause .1
put put right on skel
put put right on hull
put put right on long
put put right on skel
put put right on hull
put put right on long
pause 1
goto Ereturn



Ereturn:
put ne
pause .1
goto Start

End:
exit
